♪♪♪
♪ SOME FOLKS ARE BORN
MADE TO WAVE THE FLAG ♪
♪ OOH THEY'RE RED
WHITE AND BLUE ♪
♪ AND WHEN THE BAND PLAYS
"HAIL TO THE CHIEF" ♪
♪ OOH THEY POINT THE
CANNON AT YOU LORD ♪
♪ IT AIN'T ME IT AIN'T ME ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO SENATOR'S SON SON ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO FORTUNATE ONE NO ♪
♪ SOME FOLKS ARE BORN
SILVER SPOON IN HAND ♪
♪ LORD DON'T THEY HELP
THEMSELVES OH ♪
♪ BUT WHEN THE TAXMAN
COMES TO THE DOOR ♪
♪ LORD THE HOUSE LOOKS
LIKE A RUMMAGE SALE YES ♪
♪ IT AIN'T ME IT AIN'T ME ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO
MILLIONAIRE'S SON NO ♪
♪ IT AIN'T ME IT AIN'T ME ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO FORTUNATE ONE NO ♪
♪♪♪
♪ SOME FOLKS INHERIT
STAR SPANGLED EYES ♪
♪ OOH THEY SEND YOU
DOWN TO WAR LORD ♪
♪ AND WHEN YOU ASK THEM "HOW
MUCH SHOULD WE GIVE?" ♪
♪ OOH THEY ONLY ANSWER
"MORE! MORE! MORE!" YOH ♪
♪ IT AIN'T ME IT AIN'T ME ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO MILITARY SON SON ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO FORTUNATE ONE ONE ♪
♪ IT AIN'T ME IT AIN'T ME ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO FORTUNATE
ONE NO NO NO ♪
♪ IT AIN'T ME IT AIN'T ME ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO FORTUNATE
SON NO NO NO -- ♪